README.md, before:

# Project Name

clj-strava is ....


## Project Goals

TODO


## Community

[... has a mailing list](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/clojure-...). Feel free to join it and ask any questions you may have.

To subscribe for announcements of releases, important changes and so on, please follow [@ClojureWerkz](https://twitter.com/#!/clojurewerkz) on Twitter.


## Project Maturity

... is *very* young.



## Artifacts

... artifacts are [released to Clojars](https://clojars.org/clj-strava). If you are using Maven, add the following repository
definition to your `pom.xml`:

``` xml
<repository>
  <id>clojars.org</id>
  <url>http://clojars.org/repo</url>
</repository>
```

### The Most Recent Release

With Leiningen:

    [clj-strava "1.0.0-alpha1"]


With Maven:

    <dependency>
      <groupId>clojurewerkz</groupId>
      <artifactId>clj-strava</artifactId>
      <version>1.0.0-alpha1</version>
    </dependency>



## Getting Started

Please refer to our [Getting Started guide](...). Don't hesitate to join our [mailing list](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/clojure-...) and ask questions, too!


## Documentation & Examples

Our documentation site is not yet live, sorry.



## Supported Clojure versions

clj-strava is built from the ground up for Clojure 1.5.1 and up.


## Continuous Integration Status

[![Continuous Integration status](https://secure.travis-ci.org/clojurewerkz/clj-strava.png)](http://travis-ci.org/clojurewerkz/clj-strava)



## ... Is a ClojureWerkz Project

clj-strava is part of the [group of Clojure libraries known as ClojureWerkz](http://clojurewerkz.org), together with
 * [Monger](http://clojuremongodb.info)
 * [Langohr](https://github.com/michaelklishin/langohr)
 * [Elastisch](https://github.com/clojurewerkz/elastisch)
 * [Welle](http://clojureriak.info)
 * [Neocons](http://clojureneo4j.info)
 * [Quartzite](https://github.com/michaelklishin/quartzite) and several others.


## Development

clj-strava uses [Leiningen
2](https://github.com/technomancy/leiningen/blob/master/doc/TUTORIAL.md). Make
sure you have it installed and then run tests against supported
Clojure versions using

    lein2 all test

Then create a branch and make your changes on it. Once you are done
with your changes and all tests pass, submit a pull request on GitHub.



## License

Copyright (C) 2014 Michael S. Klishin, Alex Petrov.

Double licensed under the [Eclipse Public License](http://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-v10.html) (the same as Clojure) or
the [Apache Public License 2.0](http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.html).

Commit message:

Strava API functions are now in a separate library. Changed namespaces to veloterrain.

README.md, after:

# Project Name

veloterrain is ....


## Project Goals

TODO


## Community

[... has a mailing list](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/clojure-...). Feel free to join it and ask any questions you may have.

To subscribe for announcements of releases, important changes and so on, please follow [@ClojureWerkz](https://twitter.com/#!/clojurewerkz) on Twitter.


## Project Maturity

... is *very* young.



## Artifacts

... artifacts are [released to Clojars](https://clojars.org/veloterrain). If you are using Maven, add the following repository
definition to your `pom.xml`:

``` xml
<repository>
  <id>clojars.org</id>
  <url>http://clojars.org/repo</url>
</repository>
```

### The Most Recent Release

With Leiningen:

    [veloterrain "1.0.0-alpha1"]


With Maven:

    <dependency>
      <groupId>clojurewerkz</groupId>
      <artifactId>veloterrain</artifactId>
      <version>1.0.0-alpha1</version>
    </dependency>



## Getting Started

Please refer to our [Getting Started guide](...). Don't hesitate to join our [mailing list](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/clojure-...) and ask questions, too!


## Documentation & Examples

Our documentation site is not yet live, sorry.



## Supported Clojure versions

veloterrain is built from the ground up for Clojure 1.5.1 and up.


## Continuous Integration Status

[![Continuous Integration status](https://secure.travis-ci.org/clojurewerkz/veloterrain.png)](http://travis-ci.org/clojurewerkz/veloterrain)



## ... Is a ClojureWerkz Project

veloterrain is part of the [group of Clojure libraries known as ClojureWerkz](http://clojurewerkz.org), together with
 * [Monger](http://clojuremongodb.info)
 * [Langohr](https://github.com/michaelklishin/langohr)
 * [Elastisch](https://github.com/clojurewerkz/elastisch)
 * [Welle](http://clojureriak.info)
 * [Neocons](http://clojureneo4j.info)
 * [Quartzite](https://github.com/michaelklishin/quartzite) and several others.


## Development

veloterrain uses [Leiningen
2](https://github.com/technomancy/leiningen/blob/master/doc/TUTORIAL.md). Make
sure you have it installed and then run tests against supported
Clojure versions using

    lein2 all test

Then create a branch and make your changes on it. Once you are done
with your changes and all tests pass, submit a pull request on GitHub.



## License

Copyright (C) 2014 Michael S. Klishin, Alex Petrov.

Double licensed under the [Eclipse Public License](http://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-v10.html) (the same as Clojure) or
the [Apache Public License 2.0](http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.html).
